Support Max or Min number of decimals (#26)
cuducos/elm-format-number: README.md

import FormatNumber.Locales exposing (spanishLocale, usLocale)

format usLocale (pi * 1000)  --> "3,141.59"
format spanishLocale (pi * 1000)  --> "3.141,593"
```

It is flexible enough to deal with different number of decimals, different thousand separators, different decimal separator, and different ways to represent negative numbers — all that is possible using `Locale`s. `base` locale matches String.fromFloat using unicode minus (U+2212) − instead of hyphen/dash -.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is flexible enough to deal with different number of decimals, different thousand separators, different decimal separator, and different ways to represent negative numbers — all that is possible using `Locale`s. The `base` locale matches `String.fromFloat` using unicode minus (U+2212) instead of an hyphen or dash.
```

```elm
import FormatNumber exposing (format)

> import FormatNumber.Locales exposing (Locale, usLocale, Decimals(..))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import FormatNumber.Locales exposing (Decimals(..), Locale, usLocale)
```

format sharesLocale -pi --> "(3.142)"
```

> ### Decimals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The `Decimals` strategy type
```

`Decimals` type contains different strategies for handling the number of decimals when formatting the number.

> 1. `Min Int` - will show at least a certain amount of decimal digits, adding trailing zeros if needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Min Int` shows at least a certain amount of decimal digits, adding trailing zeros if needed.
```

> 2. `Max Int` - will show up to a certain amount of decimal digits, discarding trailing zeros if needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Max Int` shows up to a certain amount of decimal digits, discarding trailing zeros if needed.
```

> 3. `Exact Int` - will show an exact number of decimal digits, adding trailing zeros if needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Exact Int` shows an exact number of decimal digits, adding trailing zeros if needed.
```
